From New York, California, at the Gramercy Theater, the Gramercy Theater, New York City.
This is my new favorite place, the Gramercy Theater. Harmontown is now in session.
Let's bring out our Game Masters, Dino Stamatopoulos.
That's ridiculous. Where do I sit? Go over there. Dino has lost his voice.
Speaking of people who have lost their voices, let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown.
We have Mr. Dan Harmon.
You will be with me.
I would like to thank our nine and a half...
Thank you, Goliath, for doing the sound tonight and making sure that all the microphones are at the right height.
Who puts a mic that high? I'm six feet tall. No, you're not. What? Are you? Are you six feet tall?
No, you're like five...
I'm glad I could come to New York and find out who my friends are.
I'm clearly six feet tall, and I always have been.
If anything...
All right, I'm sorry.
Let's talk about your absence of voice right now.
You're noticing that my voice is weird. So here's the thing.
Alcoholism.
Kids, kids, thank you, thank you.
Don't brag. It's also karaoke.
Alcoholism, comma, left unchecked.
Leads to karaoke. Leads to the degradation of the human body.
So you kids, trigger warning.
Don't... Why am I holding...
You kids, trigger warning. You're gonna die.
Spoiler alert.
As you die, one of the things that will first start to die is your throat.
I think it was just karaoke a couple of nights ago.
Don't underplay the fact that I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I think you're overselling the fact that you just...
A lot of bad karaoke a couple of nights ago.
Well, bad karaoke...
No, no. I sang Sussudio.
When Harmon does Sussudio, it's fucking...
Make you regret it.
If you put my name in the hat and Phil Collins is involved,
I will make sure that you and Phil Collins
and the ghost of every girlfriend I've ever had,
walk away sad.
I know that I'm too young.
If it's just Sussudio...
Hold it.
Whoa.
Now.
Thank you.
Give me a chance.
Give me a sign.
It's coming back.
My lyrics are poorly written.
You know the worst written song in the world?
Pink by Sarah Smith.
Terrible song.
Pink is a color...
That's what ruined my voice.
Okay, so anyways, so our voices...
Why is he ignoring me?
No, no, no.
You're going to think that Dino is doing a bit right now
speaking in a falsetto.
This is the only level that I could speak at.
Because when I...
I ruined the normal part of my voice.
I could talk a little bit like this.
But I think this is cuter.
Yeah, so he's been doing that
and you think, oh, that would get old.
All fucking dang.
But...
I was like...
I was like, you fucking cunt!
But it does get charismatic after a while.
It's funny.
It's like falsetto.
You nigger!
I'm going to pretend I didn't hear that.
And you can too.
Because it's a cartoon voice.
Hey, he's like a racist steamboat Willie.
That's...
Steamboat Willie already racist.
Okay.
What are you doing?
That was my accident.
Stop making music.
All right.
So I apologize for my throat.
It's...
And I say you're welcome for mine.
There's wear and tear involved.
We have a great show for you tonight.
What I've...
Dan and Dina are going to do some
Everly Brothers hits.
They're going to do a chain melody.
It's going to be great.
Wake up, little Susie!
What I've done for you tonight
because you're the greatest city
in the world.
And you're not petty people
who would ever applaud for that
because you're...
Because you're practical people.
You would never be baited like that.
You would never go, yeah, I'm a good city.
Ooh!
That's what makes you a good city.
You can't just call people a city.
These people aren't a city.
These people are the city.
You guys are seeing
a very rare occurrence of the great
North American panda bear.
LAUGHTER
Did you...
Did you write that?
That's...
As far as you know, yeah.
That's good.
The panda bear.
Anyways, obviously you're a good city.
Obviously.
History has borne that out.
You don't need your dick sucked for that.
Dan, tell these people...
I got to be a city.
Big deal.
I'm New York. I'm up city.
I'm here forever.
Big deal.
But you're good people.
Sorry to interrupt you.
Excuse me for one second.
What the fuck?
We should tell boys to shut up for a second.
Your new nickname is
Voice.
You got something on your face too?
Yeah.
You didn't look perfect.
I know that you love New York City.
It's one of your favorite cities in the world, correct?
What?
The top ten.
OK.
Is it in your top three?
It's my favorite city ever.
OK.
Tell these people a little history
about New York, about how it was founded.
LAUGHTER
Tony!
Because Dan, when we got really, really drunk
last time we were here,
Dan went into a blackout.
Uh...
Stay with me.
Stay with me on this concept.
Dan became a fellow named Anthony
who would tell you how to get around New York City.
LAUGHTER
And if I ask Dan
where his favorite piece of pizza is
or how to get across town
or how to get to Bushwick
during one share of traffic,
you got lots of advice about it.
Yeah, I'm Anthony. I'm from New York.
LAUGHTER
All right, now, Anthony.
Before you...
Before you even ask me...
OK.
I hope your question doesn't involve being below
103rd Street.
Well, we...
Because the truth is, people tell you one thing or another,
but going to New York,
between A Street and B Street,
that's not New York.
LAUGHTER
You guys are laughing at a different thing that...
I was laughing at...
I thought my character was killing me.
I thought I was Billy Crystal.
I didn't know it was...
I was laughing at you spilling nine ounces of vodka.
Anthony...
Anthony, I'm...
We're at 23rd and Lexington.
Oh, we shouldn't be.
You don't want me at 23rd and Lexington.
OK, all right.
But that's where we are.
We're above 103rd, or we're not New Yorkers.
OK.
Wait, wait.
We're below 103rd, we're not New York?
Don't do New York below 103rd.
LAUGHTER
That's where your dad lives, that's where your mom lives.
They're good people.
They built the city.
Are your parents all Dominican?
Look, I don't have...
I don't have parents.
Whoa! OK, well, shit.
New York's my parents.
My mom was Tower One
and my dad was Tower Two.
CHEERING
Just, just soon enough.
So, so don't...
Don't he's an orphan?
Don't question me.
So he's the only guy that's allowed to be there?
Yeah, don't question me.
Anthony, Anthony...
Anyway, are you Italian?
The falafel's good.
Above 103rd.
Any fucking arguments?
Like, below 104th is shit.
Fucking, that's Haiti.
You might as well go to Haiti.
Not to be racist.
But that's where the Haitians are.
Anthony, are you Italian?
What are your heritage?
No, there's no Italy, there's no Italian.
New York's a country.
New York's a state of being.
Above 104th.
That's who I am.
Now, Anthony, when you go to Little Italy,
what street should I go?
In Italy, there's no such thing as a Little Italy.
There's only Little People.
Little Italians.
I think that was actors.
Little Italians, there's no Little Italy.
Italy's big.
Let's say Chinatown.
Chinatown, you know Chinatown.
China's not a town.
That's where you fucked up right there.
See what you did? You fucked up.
In New York, China
is
a principality
between 104th
and A Street.
No, what?
Motherfucker, no.
I'm asking you.
I apologize, but fuck you.
My name's Anthony.
I'm from New York.
I've lived here my whole life.
If you go above 104th Street,
that's China.
If you go below 103rd Street,
that's Haiti.
If everything left of A Street,
that's Hebrew.
That's good.
That's where the good pizza is.
If everyone's speaking Hebrew,
that's where you eat the pizza.
What? Excuse me a second.
What the fuck?
You brought up pizza.
What's your favorite slice?
Hebrew pizza.
You don't have to interrupt to say that.
What's the secret of Hebrew pizza?
The secret is obviously a covenant
between a chosen tribe
and the impersonal cosmic force.
A fucking long-suffering
people that
wandered the fucking desert
and were slaves.
Like fucking, yeah.
The secret? What do you think the fucking secret is?
It's a fucking juice.
Why does that translate into good pizza?
You fucking eat the pizza. You eat the pain.
You eat every
every nugget of it.
It's a fucking...
I love that. Tony loves juice.
I love...
Look, whatever you guys are saying,
you fucking racist and you're bad people,
everything below
103rd is
racist.
Everything above
104th is
misogynist. Anthony? Everything
to the left of A Street
is racist. Anthony.
So if you go,
if you're below
104th on C
that's
absolute racism.
That's Nazi Germany.
But they're good people, they're New Yorkers.
Those are the Nazis
and they're German,
but they're New Yorkers.
And they know how to make a good pizza.
Because they love, because they know
you gotta eat
the Hebrew God.
You go to the left, am I losing you?
Take the A train down to the L Street.
Go, get off.
Get off outside Tony Romano's.
Go up to...
My friend, go upstairs
to the thing. Everything's vertical.
Go to the bridge.
Keep walking.
Go out the door.
There won't be a bridge there.
You have to walk.
There's air.
You have to be confident enough to walk.
The...
No, it's New York.
You gotta walk.
You gotta walk on air
if you're from New York.
If you're not from New York,
you'll fall to your death.
If you're from
104th up above there
and you're walking on air,
get the best haircut
at Sammy
Romano's
On 23rd
and A
on A
Best haircut
is on A Street
and A Avenue.
On the corner of A...
I'll go up two streets up.
Welcome to New York, motherfucker.
A Street and A Avenue.
Dan, I'm sorry, Anthony.
What about Brooklyn?
What's your...
Brooklyn's not New York.
People say...
I'm not going to win any popularity contest.
I'm not here to
win
a popularity contest.
I...
Brooklyn's not New York.
Brooklyn's...
Brooklyn's Staten Island.
No, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah.
No, you know it.
That's why you reacted that way
because you know what I'm saying is true.
Brooklyn is
Staten Island.
It's true.
Yeah, it's a true fact.
I can say it
and yell at you and make it true.
Brooklyn is
Staten Island.
Manhattan
is Brooklyn.
From 1993
to 103rd Street,
Manhattan's Brooklyn.
Queens
is Los Feliz
in Los Angeles.
Basically,
all of New York went to Los Angeles
after 1995.
Everybody in Queens
went to Los Angeles.
Queens is...
Just get your pizza from a Jew.
Their dough is
chewy.
Because they're scared of God.
Who else
is scared of God
more than the Jews?
They make good pizza.
You bite into it and they're like,
when they make the pizza, they're like,
I hope God don't kill me.
And then you eat the pizza,
you're like, I hope God don't kill me.
It's good.
And put the pepperoni and the sugar dish.
The sugar dish?
Who makes the best sugar dish?
Anthony.
Oh, Maron.
Excuse me for a second.
What the fuck?
I was going to ask you, who makes the best sugar dish?
I don't know who makes the best sugar dish.
You go to the third, you go to Sally's.
You go to Sally's.
Do you live?
And fourth B Street.
The fourth B Street.
There's four B Streets in Manhattan.
The first is in Staten Island.
Don't go there.
The third B Street?
Queens. That's New York.
I think you said Queens was in Staten Island.
Queens and Houston.
That's New York.
As far as I know.
That's the epicenter of New York.
As far as I heard.
That's where the Statue of Liberty is.
That's what it used to be.
That's New York.
I don't think you're from New York at all.
I lived here for a hundred million nine elevens.
I lived here for a million nine elevens.
I was here.
I lived here since nine ten.
You piece of shit.
You pussy.
You fucking Los Angeles.
Fucking white collar piece of shit.
I lived here since nine ten.
Where did you live?
Probably below a hundred and third.
I think you lost it.
I'm sure you're fucking
muscle and pizza.
Why a hundred and fourth street?
You have a weird
context with a hundred and third.
Everybody below a hundred and third can go fuck themselves.
That's most of the city.
The bits.
The bits old.
Am I right or am I wrong?
You got your Staten Island bit.
You got your Brooklyn bit.
You keep doing the same bit.
If I drew the bit, then what am I?
What am I? Queens?
What am I? Brooklyn?
What do you do for a living?
The bit is old.
Obviously I work for SpaceX.
I work for Elon Musk.
That's obvious.
That's more interesting.
No, I weld spaceship holes.
Really?
I cold rivet you fucking racist.
I didn't.
I wasn't racist.
I tell you what I do.
I'll tell you everything you do.
I do it above a hundred and third.
I fuck it.
I do whatever you ask.
If I go...
Did something bad happen to you below a hundred and third?
Nothing good ever happens to anybody below a hundred and third.
I already said the bit.
I already said...
I have a joke.
Didn't I already say the bit was done?
I think his dad touched him below a hundred and third.
All right. Well, yeah.
The bit's over.
I killed it.
My name...
My name's Anthony.
I'm from New York.
It's a classic character.
I'm like the church lady
or the broccoli book guy.
I'm Anthony
and I love New York.
All right.
Anyways.
How's your voice?
That voice is the best
for that character, actually.
I took these guys to do karaoke
and their voices are fucked.
Let's all do karaoke
so I can lose my voice too, shall we?
You're cheering for just random things.
Don't...
Okay.
That's...
You're cheering for random things.
Okay.
You're cheering for cheering.
Okay, wait a minute.
Okay, now you're cheering for cheering
for cheering for cheering.
What the fuck, you guys?
It's like your whole city
has got a heart.
All right.
So this is my real voice.
This is what I sound like.
Dino came up
with the solution of talking
in falsetto.
So that's what I do.
Because if your throat is shredded,
if you talk in falsetto,
it's not...
But you don't want two guys doing that?
No.
But Dino's been talking in falsetto
for 24 hours.
It's a fucking nightmare.
I can't get laid.
It becomes funny.
Dino, last night
we talked about the fact that you had
procured a threesome for yourself.
That's right.
Are you going to be a dominant person
in this threesome?
Yeah, I'm going to be dominant.
Okay.
Aren't you normally...
Aren't you normally the bottom in a threesome?
Well, I mean, it depends.
Sometimes I don't have the patience
to be submissive.
Tomorrow you have a threesome happening, right?
You're going to be the slave
or the master?
No, I'm going to be the master.
How could you be the master with this voice?
How do you tell two women...
Hey, you tell me.
It's a nightmare.
How does it work?
Two women are going to come to your hotel room
or are you going to their place?
Yeah.
No, they're going to come to my hotel room.
And when they walk in, you're going to...
Hi, I'm Dino. Hello.
Take the pants off.
It's going to be quite surprising.
For one of them...
I think one of them is here tonight, actually.
Wait, for real?
Yeah, but she doesn't want to be known.
Okay, let's pick a fake name for her.
Let's call her...
Cinnamon?
Cinnamon.
Does Cinnamon know the other girl?
Yeah.
She does.
Yeah, I don't think she likes her.
But that's going to make it better.
Wait, so...
You're going to be the master
speaking like Mickey Mouse the whole time.
I don't believe it.
It's not the perfect scenario.
Yeah, it's not, yeah.
Are you going to tell Cinnamon to do
things to the other girl?
Oh, yeah.
Woo-hoo!
Well, what could we impose
and ask for some foreshadowing?
What you would sound like?
Well, in false telling Cinnamon
what to do.
I mean, I think you've been hearing it.
It was like, you know, just...
Whip! Whip Cinnamon!
Wait, wait.
I'm sorry, I didn't understand you.
You want Cinnamon to be whipped by the other girl.
Yeah.
Okay.
Do you bring your own whips?
No, Cinnamon's bringing the whip.
Cinnamon brings her own whips.
I bought her a whip.
You bought her a whip.
And she's going to bring it.
She's going to get it whipped by it.
It's the ultimate humiliation.
Oh, she will.
Won't you?
Yup.
You cunt!
See?
No.
Dina, when there's a threesome
happening where you're the master
and people are whipping each other,
are you fucking them
or is this all about masturbating
after the fact?
Well, it depends.
Sometimes I might be fucking one of them
when someone's being whipped.
People think you're doing a bit.
No, it's not a bit.
The only thing funny about this
is my voice, really.
I, you know...
It's erotic.
Draw the best case scenario
for tomorrow night.
I don't want to.
I don't want to ruin it for me.
I don't want to, like, just tell them.
Can I try?
Yeah.
I had two women...
You go to 103rd Street.
Two women that agreed
to be at a threesome
with me. Yeah, with me.
Okay.
Wait, Dina, are you being Dina
or yourself?
What would you actually ask for?
Huh?
Pick your...
Do your favorite threesome
where you have two girls
that one hates the other girl
coming to your hotel.
No, I don't want to.
Okay, so hate each other.
Two girls are coming to your place tonight.
You're a recently single gentleman.
You've got the money.
You've got the wherewithal.
You're staying at a nice hotel.
You're staying...
You're staying at the Bowery Room 503, everybody.
That's a fucking...
In this fantasy scenario,
you're saying I have, like, white privilege?
Well...
Yeah, Dan, suspend
your own disbelief and
imagine you have white privilege.
Just for the sake of this...
White privilege?
Huh.
I guess I run
all business
and control people's
thought, marginalizing
their opinions.
Oh, sorry, sexually.
I got lost for a second.
You are a person...
Two women that you are attracted to
are coming to your place.
Both of these people, these two women,
do not know each other.
So, Dan...
Set the scene.
Fade in on...
What do we fade in on this fantasy?
I want to answer this honestly, I do.
Fade in.
And believe me, as you probably can already tell,
I'm not going to try to win any popularity contests.
Like, I want to actually answer this honestly.
By the way, this whole scene takes place
by the way.
Any interesting equal time?
After I answer this question, I want to bring one
female up and I want her to answer
what would you do with two dudes?
Just anybody that has big...
Do you think that's fair?
I think we should bring up so many women on stage
that we have the world's worst five-some of all time.
By the way, it might be hard to believe,
but I would be with two dudes.
No, it's not about that.
Do you know...
Would you rather be with two women tonight
or would you rather be with two men tonight?
Well, it depends who they were.
Yeah?
So it could be two guys.
It could be two guys.
Now if it was two guys, do you want to be a master
or do you want to be a slave when two guys come over?
I'm not sure.
I really am not sure.
I mean, I'd have to meet them, we'd have to talk.
Not too much.
Why don't we just use this show as an American Idol
and we just keep bringing men and women on stage
until Dino evaporates?
Wait, did we ever up something?
Were you going to start something?
We fade in on Denham and Threesome.
We take you to the Barry Hotel room 503.
First of all, what are you wearing?
What am I wearing?
Dino, are you wearing your fishing underwear?
I'm not.
Dino passed out last time in New York
with his pants around his waist
and he had high concept fishing underwear on.
Are you wearing those?
No, I'm not wearing them tonight.
No?
We fade in on Denham and Threesome.
Can we lower the lights?
Perfect.
Can we do one drop spot on Denham?
Can we just drop spot?
Okay.
He looks good.
I knew a man bowed jangles
and he danced for...
Okay, I'm trying.
First of all, my first answer is
I'm so insecure sexually
that I can't, honestly,
the idea of a threesome, I can't.
I'd be like, I'm outnumbered by the people
that would judge me.
That's my first answer.
Fade in.
I'm trying to get beyond that.
Den, you promised last night
that you would verify whether or not
the girl you jerked off to in the commercial
was of age or not.
I looked her up and then I got distracted.
I fell asleep.
Tomorrow night.
Den, so...
Page 1, fade in on you
or somebody else.
What's the fade in?
I want to be honest.
I want to do this right.
Just leave her alone.
Let me do it.
Do you know how you sing dance to chicken shit?
No, I'm saying that...
No, I'm trying to think.
You're pushing him too hard.
Just let him think. Give him some time.
Page 1, let me think.
I'm trying to think.
Take your time.
I love you, Jeff, but you're pushing him.
I love you, Dina.
I'm going to fuck you so hard.
Actually, Jeff and I are going to fuck
behind him right now.
My perfect threesome.
By Dan Harmon.
There's a woman.
Yeah, I went there.
Where...
And...
She...
I want to get this right.
She's...
She works...
She works at a library, for sure.
She's a library. I guess you could call her a librarian.
So that's how the story starts.
I walk into a library.
And I say...
I'm...
Not smart.
And she has glasses.
Red hair.
And blouse.
But...
Well, Batgirl...
Don't yell stuff out, sir.
It's not that kind of show.
Okay, it's Batgirl. You're right.
It's Batgirl.
But...
Batgirl works at Barbara Gordon.
Barbara Gordon in a world where
mesh tops are in style.
But not slutty.
Like...
Like the shoulders.
Like, do you know those tops that are like
nylon on the shoulders?
But then there's like tasteful.
It's tasteful.
I don't know if that's a library.
It doesn't matter. This is my world.
But it's like...
I want you guys to understand it's tasteful.
Like, this is not a person that's to be
disrespected.
This is a person with a lot of power.
An agency.
I'm not saying that to impress you.
It's what I jerk off to.
I want...
I want... I jerk off to women with agency.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Dan, remember.
This is leading towards...
This is leading towards your threesome.
Right. No, Jeff, please.
I'm in the middle of something.
I really know this is a fantasy
because Dan said
she's not...
he's not smarter than her.
You know, she's smarter than me.
Yeah.
Yeah, she's smarter than me.
Yeah, that's what makes it a fantasy.
That's...
misogynist.
But also, I want to...
we're not going into a world
where I'm trying to impress you.
So...
I'm not bullying him.
You guys can do whatever you want.
So you walk in...
We have some guests tonight.
We should probably bring up...
Some of them...
Should we bring our guests out?
And the guests play one of the girls
in this fantasy? Yes.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Okay, yes. Let's welcome Scott...
Scott Asif.
You know him...
as Pete Harnberger
on 30 Rock.
So Dan,
the music is still playing.
Scott playing girl, back girl,
but librarian number one.
Can you hear any of that?
The second girl that comes into the scene.
Grounded.
Grounded, long-form improv.
Can you be a redhead,
bespectacled,
meh-top,
librarian,
beautiful woman?
She's redhead? Yeah.
Okay, yeah.
All right.
So I...
I...
So...
Let's fade back in.
She's redhead...
Scott is redhead, back girl, librarian.
Okay, a fade in.
So I'm coming in.
I'm already here.
Okay, yeah, you're a librarian.
You've been there since 9 a.m.
Okay, I'm coming in.
Jingle-ing-ding, jingle-ing-ding, jingle-ing-ding.
Hello.
Hi.
I'm Anagirth.
I'm sorry.
I didn't understand what you said.
My name is Anagirth.
Your name is...
Anagirth?
It's just one word, Anagirth.
That's your first name.
Okay, well...
Hello. Do you like what I'm wearing?
I do.
I think it's tasteful.
What would you like me to call you?
Daniel.
Daniel?
I like that. It's sexy.
It's Hebrew.
That's what I said.
I brought a book back.
It's late.
I bought a book back, and it's late.
Oh.
It's very late.
It's really late.
I know I'm smiling, but I feel bad.
The library closes in five minutes.
Five minutes, ladies and gentlemen.
Five minutes. Keep it tasteful.
Well, I guess you need some kind of reprimand.
Well, I...
Do you...
Are you consulting me?
Are you asking me or telling me?
I'm telling you.
That I need a reprimand?
Really?
For real?
For me?
Well...
I'm not going to argue with you.
I...
Oh, are you hitting me?
Are you hitting me?
My library closes in one minute.
One minute.
By the way, I don't like that.
All right, so that's not the scenario you like.
No, it's not.
When you're being punished.
No, I don't want to be hit.
I need to find some other punishments.
I've got hit by people that were...
Okay.
I'm starting to understand.
It's a shades of things.
We're going...
So it's not.
It's about what I don't want.
Is that the idea?
I'm in a girth.
What are you doing here?
Who's this?
I'm the library closer.
She's much superior.
Okay.
She works beneath me.
And when I say she works beneath me,
I mean, she works on top of me.
We don't like to think of it as work, though.
You guys both...
Are you Hebrew?
My name, my name is Hebrew.
We're gonna...
Five minutes later, back at a hotel room.
What?
All right. Fine.
Fine.
But that's a turnoff.
It's a turnoff.
It's a big time jump. We're now in the middle of a scene.
Can we rewind?
No, no. We're in the hotel room now.
It's my professional.
We're in the middle of the scene. Ready?
Here we go.
I can't believe we got to the hotel in five minutes.
That was Saturday night.
That was light traffic.
Don't ruin the fantasy.
I know.
Now...
Daniel's in the bathroom right now.
Should we work up at number two
or at number six?
What's the scenario you want to do?
I don't think his heart could take a number six.
Really?
He's...
I mean...
He looks like an old prospector.
What's your suggestion then?
I say we go easy.
We make him feel loved.
I mean, I don't...
Make him feel loved.
Well, I tried punishing him. He didn't like it.
Okay.
I think we're gonna...
We're gonna...
I'm punishing him. He didn't like it.
I think what he's looking for
is someone to actually respect him and love him.
Okay.
I'm gonna go outside the hotel room.
I'll knock when you're ready.
Okay.
All right.
Ladies...
I'm here.
Okay.
I can smell it.
It's one of the most manly musks I've ever smelt.
I know that...
you don't mean that.
So
you seem very
lovable and
sweet.
It seems like you're lying.
You seem intelligent and successful.
Okay.
To sprayed.
recently divorced. Ding dong. That's the hotel doorbell. Hello. I'm from NBC. You're hired. I'm a
sexy redhead and you're hired at NBC. Well that's not my fantasy either. I don't like being whipped
or being hired by NBC. You guys think that you know it. I'm sorry, I have the wrong room. You
have my apartment. You're topping from the bottom right now. Isn't that my job? No, you should
just be like, are you me or are you you? I'm me. Ding dong. Ding dong. Who is that? Hello. I am a
girl that you can endow me with any property if you want. Oh, you're made of fiberglass. I'm a, oh,
you turn into Kim Cattrell when no one's looking. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a girl that you can endow me
with any property if you want. I'm a girl that you can endow me with any property if you want. I'm a
girl that neither you can endow me with a property if you want to endow me with a property
No, Daniel. Hebrew Daniel. There's no reason to be insecure. This is your fantasy. You get to do
whatever you want. To Scott Asset and Jeff Davis right now.
Okay, okay, okay, okay. I love, I like both of you, but I don't know, well, I don't know who
she is. You're, I've seen you in the Wendy's commercials. I'm the redhead from the McDonald's
commercials. I'm the aerobic instructor from Knight Rider. It's your fantasy, Dan. This is your fantasy. Make it weird. You're
the Wendy's girl. And you're the Time Warner girl. I'm Time Warner? Yes. So let's now cut to the
middle of the action. So I guess I'm really doing this for my daughter. She has autism and I just
can't afford it with a regular job. I work at the library and that just doesn't pay enough.
The bills are paying up and I've got two ex-humans. They take it all away from me. I'm going to die. I'm going to die alone. You're really wasting my Time Warner down here.
work at the library and that just doesn't pay enough.
And the bills, the bills are paying up
and I've got two ex-humans.
They're taking it all away from me.
I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die alone, I'm gonna die alone.
You're really wasting my time warner down here, I was like.
I'm gonna die alone, I'm purposely miming my dick bigger
than it is, it's so small, I'm gonna die alone.
Dan, this is your fantasy.
All right, all right, all right.
You can do whatever you want.
Right, well, yeah.
Get, get specificer.
Okay.
All right.
Minecraft it.
Both of you are interested in Minecraft.
Oh my God, is that a weird cube in front of you?
Walk up to it and see if that book opens
or if it closes when you walk away from it.
It does all of the above.
Why, why does the book open?
Because I'm smart, but what's in the book?
Do you have an inventory of all the things in the book?
I got, I got.
Oh my God, I'm gonna score it all over your face.
Do you, do you like Minecraft?
I didn't hear you say it.
I'm a librarian.
I don't know anything about Minecraft.
10 minutes later, it's me and, what's your name?
Am I in the girth?
Anagirth, Anagirth.
She and I are in the, and Powder Anagirth knows.
I don't think this guy knows what fantasies mean.
We offered him anything he chose
and he wants us to watch him play video games.
He has no imagination.
I know, and you think it's weird.
He's a creator of TV shows.
What did he create?
Some, some canceled show on NBC, I don't know.
But the thing is like, he's got lots of money.
He could do anything he wanted right now.
I think, I think our services are being wasted on, on this guy.
Well, you must have a fantasy.
Why don't we just spend it on him?
Five minutes later.
You guys, you guys, you guys take big shits.
Oh, Judd Appetown.
Whoa.
And scene.
Scott, that's it.
That's called Improv Olympic Train.
I want, I want, I want to thank you guys
from saving me from a night of a horrible threesome.
Never gonna have a threesome.
Yeah, don't have a threesome.
Well, because honestly, we'll talk about this for one second
because everybody in the audience fantasizes
about polyamorous adventures.
And like, there's no, like, like, like, like, like.
Can I just say this is like a fantasy?
This is like Grover talking to Daniel Tiger.
Tell us, tell us things that make us happy
because most of the people here tonight are like,
yeah, I think about the idea of like a double harmonica.
Like, on my wiener, like two ladies going like,
it's like a harmonica.
I can't even figure out which of us are we.
Should we suck it or are we kissing?
Ladies, I don't know.
Dan, enjoy your confusion.
Harmon.
What are you doing down there?
Oh, they're so quixotic.
Dan, have you ever had a threesome?
No, no, never.
I haven't, no.
It sounds like you've never had a blow job.
Have you ever had a twosome?
But when I hear from people who have had threesomes,
they're kind of a nightmare.
That they're high maintenance.
Yeah, well, I mean, really all you need is one human being
on your vagina or on your dick.
Really, that's all you need.
Right.
And yet you've set one up for this trip.
Well, yeah, because you just, what did you throw off me?
A piece of you.
Scott, have you ever had a threesome?
I've not.
Never?
No.
It's difficult because, you know,
there's egos involved a lot, you know?
Yeah, it's definitely.
You're primates, you're not supposed to.
Yeah, once somebody is usually like,
jealous or something, not me.
I mean, the women just fuck each other and I go to sleep.
I've once been woken up with laughter
because I was snoring during a threesome.
I swear to God.
Yeah.
You've ordered the threesome.
They're kind of boring.
Just so you can get to sleep.
They're a good hour.
They're kind of boring.
So everyone that's terrified of having a threesome
is technically a hero.
Well, yeah, I don't know.
I don't think so.
I think they're-
Okay, well, that's what I heard.
That's what I heard.
Jeff, have you had a threesome?
Many.
Come on.
Every one of his threesome's are gonna be amazing.
But it was a nightmare, right?
No, fuck.
He's got-
No, he never tells a bad story about himself, by the way.
Epper, fucking pisses me off.
Oh shit.
I would say-
We once around the room and told shitty stories
about ourselves and Jeff told this shitty story
that I didn't.
Oh wait, no, everyone is blubbing me.
That's not true.
That is exactly true.
I had two bad threesome's, where-
Can I-
Wait, can we stop pulling out alcohol?
No, no, no, no, no, we can't.
Can I do, can I, before you tell your story-
Okay.
Can I do my impression of what I predict
your threesome's story would be?
Oh my God, it's coming over here.
Based on, based on what Jeff Davis' story is about,
I believe that your story will go something like this.
Scott, get ready to fill in as-
I was at a place,
and I was just hanging out.
And I was reading Moby Dick.
So far, you're right on target.
I was just reading it,
because I think it's interesting.
I wasn't reading it, because it's a classic.
I didn't even know what a classic is.
And the first of two women came up to me and said,
what are you doing?
What are you doing?
And I said, Moby Dick.
And she said, thank you.
So, thank you.
And then her sister came up.
I said, what's going on?
And she said, this guy's reading Moby Dick.
And she's like, why?
And I explained Moby Dick to her.
And when I finished, she went, thank you.
And then we went back.
I'm sorry, I was spilling it.
I was spilling it anyway.
Blood magic.
There isn't a show after us tonight.
And then we had sex and they both said, thank you.
What was your story?
Well, now he's going to lie.
In a threesome.
Dina, you've had more threesome than I've had for certain.
Because you're a purveyor of weird threesome.
Yeah, I'm very insecure.
Usually there's somebody that says, let's have a threesome.
And that person is the one that gets bummed out at the end of it.
Because they didn't get all the attention they wanted.
And I was like, you can just be there. I didn't want anything out of this except
you got bummed out during the threesome.
Right?
Yeah, it's usually one of the women.
Yeah, because they outnumber you two to one, statistically.
Well, yeah, I already gave up from the beginning.
I'm like, I'm just going to sit this one out.
By the way, is there anybody, because it's New York, who knows.
Is there anybody that's had an awesome threesome that also wants to talk about it?
With Jeff?
I see a handle.
Who here had a threesome with me?
Well, I see a guy pointing at his friend.
Which means that you were a purveyor.
Can we get a bearded guy with a wristband on him?
Do you want to talk about it?
Your friend wants you to talk about it.
He's got a good beard.
Just bring him up.
Also, Jane's raising her hand.
We'll get to you, Jane.
Uh, yeah, I just, yeah, I guess it feels...
There's your mic!
Hello.
What's your name, sir?
Hi, I'm Arshan.
Arshan?
Arshan.
Yeah.
You got a nice ass.
ARSH.
Thank you.
How many threesome's have you had, Arshan?
Two.
How many were successful out of those two?
One or neither?
They were both successful.
They were?
Yeah.
Nobody got bummed out during the middle of it?
Um, no.
No one got bummed out.
What's your secret, Arshan?
What's the secret to successful threesome's?
Um...
That's not lying, sir.
He's a liar.
That's not nice.
I've had a girlfriend for eight years, and we are an open relationship.
And...
The whole time?
We have an open relationship.
So, there's girls and guys and...
Coming in and out.
Yeah.
Coming in hot.
Now, Arshan, are you into only women?
Or bi?
Which is...
Um, so our openness is only with other girls.
Only women.
Yeah.
You selfish piece of shit.
If you're gonna be...
If you're gonna be open minded...
That's the best kind of open minded to be.
All right.
So I'm gonna make the rules.
Arshan, take us to the best...
Let's... let's homophobic bash him.
Pick...
Pick the best threesome of the two.
And, uh, walk us through how the...
The origin...
From top to bottom.
Yeah.
Starting at Sizzler.
All the way through.
The best of the two.
So, um, the...
My girlfriend, uh, had met the other girl on a dating app, Tinder.
And...
Not cliche.
Dating app.
So she was like, hey, let's...
So she's dating you, but she's also on a dating app?
Yeah.
We both are on all of them.
That's how good you are in bed.
She's online.
Or...
I can't say I'm good in bed, but she's where we...
Yeah.
Okay.
Maybe I...
Yeah.
I'm really good in bed.
That's exactly why.
Um...
I think he would be.
Oh.
Thank you.
I don't need you to be.
If you're...
No.
I mean, if you're a bad person.
Dan, if I put a red...
I assume you have a larger penis than me.
Dan, if I put a red wig on him in the right size...
Because of the fingerless gloves.
I wouldn't...
No one with a dick my size would ever wear fingerless gloves.
Fingerless gloves?
Because they go like, well, what am I trying to prove?
The finger...
I'd be like, no.
The fingerless gloves.
My fingers warm.
Are you a very successful safe cracker?
What's going on with it?
Um...
What's about to happen with these fingerless gloves?
My hands are about to stay warmer, but I can crack a safe VD1.
Right.
Yeah.
Or...
I got you.
So the girlfriend says, Arshan, ring a ding ding, tender called.
Yeah.
Um...
So...
By the way, this guy bothered to come up here and is like vulnerable, so don't...
Don't tease him.
So...
Asshole!
A lot of text messages happen intermediately, but she has the same dog that we have, so
it's a dog walking trip, and then...
Yeah.
Wait, what do you mean, yeah?
So, yeah.
Wait, we asked you...
What?
And then I fucked two women.
I don't know.
We asked you about a threesome.
I was not agreeing.
He was Thanksgiving.
Two women fucked me.
No!
Tell us the story!
You're a terrible person.
Everyone that was bullying him...
That's what I said!
Bullying him.
Okay, okay.
Arshan.
Scott, someone hold my hand.
Arshan, hold it.
Hold it.
Hold it, Arshan.
Arshan.
Stay right where you are.
Scott.
Is this what?
Look what he's doing.
He's getting another threesome story.
Scott, you're a professional improviser.
I think we should just recreate that threesome.
With all of Arshan's information, let's turn this right now.
Perfect.
Okay.
Give us more, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, so...
I've been with my girlfriend for eight years.
I moved to New York City from Maryland seven years ago.
I grew up in Potomac.
They just started a Real Housewives of Potomac this season.
But that's not important.
Arshan, sit down.
We have enough information.
No, come on.
What are you doing?
So I moved up here.
Let him tell us.
And then the first girlfriend I got, she went to NYU.
She's very smart.
You have to be to go to that school.
Right?
We dated for seven years.
Share your face with the audience.
And then...
Good.
We grew apart.
And then once we grew apart, we got back together.
And then it basically all became about just having fun.
And what does fun mean?
Fun means we date other people.
So fun is not being with each other.
Yeah.
We now take it to Arshan's threesome.
I want to hear the story.
I want to hear more.
Don't heckle him.
He's volunteering information.
So...
He might sing.
Look at him.
I'm like Seinfeld.
When Kramer was racist and Cypher was like...
Stop.
Can we get Arshan?
It's not funny.
Can we get Arshan a special light?
Perfect.
So they met on Tinder and they got along really well.
They were nice to each other.
My girlfriend, she had just colored her hair red.
The girl she was with, her hair was actually red.
She was a redhead.
She was like, hey, so when are you coming home tonight?
I was like, I'll be home like 12, maybe 12, 15.
I was like, okay, that's fine.
If you come a little later, it's cool.
I'll be with you.
Let's just say her name is Quarter.
Sorry, what is her name?
Go back to that part.
Use other delineations of change.
Quarter, dime.
I didn't say you're protecting the time from defamation.
So you're saying her name is Penny, but you're going to call her Quarter.
Scott!
Okay, okay, okay.
The names have been changed.
That's cool.
Apparently.
Could you just call her Kennedy Head instead?
Kennedy Head.
Yes, that's fine.
I'll be home a little bit later.
So I was out gallivanting with Ryan, who's over there.
Then I get home and, oh, so you and Penny are friends.
Come on, no, come on, come on.
I'm protecting him.
He's volunteering information.
I'm sorry.
So I...
Stop, no, stop it.
Stop, stop heckling.
That's my whole story.
So I walk into the apartment and they're having fun.
What does fun mean?
I just joined in.
So their fun is being together.
Your fun is not being with your girlfriend.
That's not what I said.
That was my first introduction into this moment.
So the two of them were having fun.
And then I come in and they're like, hey, join in.
It's over.
Oh, okay.
Okay, all right.
So your girlfriend's name?
Emily.
And the other girl?
Penny.
Quarter.
Penny?
Penny.
Emily and Penny.
All right.
What was your name?
Arshan.
Respect him.
He asked for sexual permission and he came up and volunteered it.
It's not that impressive of a story, but I feel like they shouldn't be that impressive,
because threesomes should be normal.
What year is this?
I don't know.
How many?
All right.
Am I going to get beat up?
Arshan?
What year is this?
I don't know why it was awkward.
I think it's just happened all the time.
It was this year.
All right.
We now take you to Arshan's first or second present.
Thank you, Arshan.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
For your vulnerability and your honesty.
Who wants to play the role of Arshan right now?
I will be Arshan.
Scott adds it will play the role of Arshan.
And that means Dan and Dino.
I should not be in this.
I definitely think you should be in this.
Dan will play Emily and Dino will play Penny.
I wasn't listening.
Okay.
We hadn't actually gotten to your part yet.
I was so fucking bored.
Dino, it was all preamble.
There was no story yet.
It's 9-11.
Thank you, New York.
Fade in.
Tom Clancy presents.
Prelude to a shit storm.
The year is 2075.
For the radio audience, Jeff is doing a brilliant cigarette character bit.
Penny.
Dino, you're Penny.
I'm who?
Oh, hi.
Fake.
Fake phone.
We both saw it.
Scott adds it and I both said that was fake.
Ten minutes later.
That's real.
I wasn't listening to the story.
Penny.
Penny, I know you're taking a shit.
I feel bad about you falling down just now.
Five minutes ago.
But my boyfriend, or Sean, is coming over.
What?
Yes, I'm dating an Armenian.
Even my best friends don't know that.
But I'm telling you, Penny, that I'm dating an Armenian.
What are you talking about?
I'm not an improviser.
Penny, it's okay.
Be in the moment.
Say yes and that's all that matters.
Because we're going to have a threesome soon.
I don't care that you weren't listening during our Sean's monologue.
It doesn't matter.
Yeah, you're not allowed to.
I'm sorry.
I'm God.
Oh, Penny.
Ignorance isn't an excuse.
Penny, the Lord has spoken.
The Lord has spoken.
My Armenian boyfriend is coming over.
Okay.
He might be Syrian.
I don't fucking know.
Okay.
Dino.
Yeah, what?
This is the devil.
Fuck this scene up.
Dino?
Don't listen to the devil.
Say yes and.
And don't ask questions and set the where.
Dino, this is God.
You're not in a scene.
If you are, it's a bad scene.
Dino, this is Emily.
Stay in the moment.
Why are you calling me my name, but you're a character?
You're Penny.
I'm only using this because you don't know where the fuck we are.
You said Dino.
Emily, I meant Penny.
Dino.
You're fucking Penny.
Dino, you can win this scene.
Dino.
What?
You can win this scene if you give the audience on your side, not on Jeff's.
Dino, this is God.
Hello.
You can't win a scene.
The only winner.
Dino.
Okay.
Mission accomplished.
Dino, you have done well, my students.
Listen to that crowd roar.
I agree.
Is it two hours yet?
God in the devil.
Oh, I don't know how to improvise.
I agree.
Penny.
My boyfriend, Arshon, is coming over.
I thought that was the ender.
Dino.
This is God.
You can't control.
Lights down.
Penny, I'm going to leave you alone for a moment while you have your own internal
moment.
If you guys ever improvise, it's a nightmare.
It's the worst job ever.
I love you, Dino.
I love me too.
That's why I want out of here.
Get it over with.
Come in.
You can't tell me I did that wrong.
My name is Mr. Johnson.
Jen.
What?
I love you.
We're friends, right?
We were drinking all day.
My name is Mr. Johnson.
I know, but I like you.
You're a nice guy.
My name is Mr. Johnson.
I know, but we're having fun on stage and people are laughing.
It's great.
My name is Mr. Johnson.
I know we're having good time.
Well, okay, so I brought you a package.
What's in it?
I'm glad you asked.
I'll tell you.
A pair of socks.
Okay.
I think.
Come on.
Let's end the show.
No, no, I'll play along.
I'll play along.
I brought you a package.
Okay.
Did you set this up at all?
The package has socks.
Then I opened it.
So what's in it?
Penny.
Don't open that package.
Am I Penny?
You're Penny.
I'm Emily.
Okay.
Hi.
What?
I shouldn't open it.
Don't break the fourth wall and don't open that package.
Okay.
Am I going to open it?
I'm going to go back on the bedroom.
Okay.
Also, let's never have a threesome no matter what happens.
Jeff, what's in the package?
My name's Emily.
I'm Emily.
All right.
Okay.
I also don't want to have a threesome.
I've been the UPS man or lady because honestly, yeah, UPS person.
Now I get it.
Enjoy your socks.
Thank you.
You know, sometimes I think threesomes are good.
Sometimes I think threesomes are bad.
Hello, Penny.
I'm your female roommate, Emily.
Freeze.
New choice.
Please tag me.
Tag me.
It's not freeze tag.
It's new choice.
Oh, new choice?
I don't know that one.
Just tag me.
My boyfriend is coming in.
His name is Arshan.
He's Armenian.
New choice.
My friend is Assyrian.
Right.
He's all eyebrows and no cock.
Some stereotypes are true.
When he gets here, I want me to be the bottom.
I want you to be the top and I want him to be the peanut butter in that sandwich.
Now Dino's going to become a certain kind of character, like a cowboy or a pirate.
So what kind of character should Dino be?
Anybody?
What is it?
Obsessive compulsive.
I could go.
Yeah, yeah yeah.
I'd say Arshan should be the peanut butter in the sandwich.
What do you think?
Hold on, I've got to turn the lights on and off about a thousand times.
Freeze!
Now Jeff is going to continue this in a different style like a western or a pirate movie.
So what is Jeff going to do on the scene now?
I heard improv scene. Improv scene, go. Improv scene. Improv scene. No, you shouldn't.
Freeze! Okay, well we need now. Freeze, freeze, freeze. In this improv scene, the character
of Scott Adson is asking for suggestions. He is played by your favorite actor. Your favorite
actor. Liam Neeson. No, we go with the first suggestion. I heard Liam Neeson. Liam Neeson
is now running the improv scene. Liam Neeson. This is Liam Neeson playing an improv caller.
Okay, so this is what's going to happen. Okay, what we need, what we need is the last
line. Freeze, freeze, freeze. Your favorite period in history. Victorian, call an improv
scene in the Victorian era. What we're going to do now, right away, is we're going to get
one last suggestion, which is a last line of dialogue. What wraps up that old scene and
keeps everybody on their cobblers? So, what's the last line of dialogue? I heard,
room, power, look out! That's the last line or first line? That's the last line of dialogue,
my cheeky. Arshon, I'm here with Penny, my friend. She's in the bathroom right now.
We're going to have the world's worst threesome. Who's we? You and me, Arshon. You're Arshon
now. And her? Yeah, Penny is in the bathroom. Follow me. You know I'm Armenian. I don't
deserve this. Racially, racially. Freeze! I'm going to respond to something even more
racist. Who can think of something even more racist? Nigger! Nigger! Nigger! Nigger! Nigger!
Nigger! Nigger! Nigger! Nigger! Nigger! Nigger! And scene, scene, everybody. Thank you so
much. You see, improv isn't hard. Improv is easy. All you have to do is be a racist. Let's bring
up transgender Jay! You all ready to open your mind? You all thought you knew what gender
was? You're wrong. Transgender Jay! You all thought you knew what gender was? You're
wrong. Transgender Jay! This motherfucker doesn't give a shit about gender! If you don't know
what gender is, you probably do give a lot of shits about gender. Dignity. I bring some
dignity to the stage. Good luck. I hope. What are you talking about tonight? We said so
many things. I've cried eight times. I'll talk to you over the last two days. One of
the reasons I cried is because... By the way, we are doing a downshift right now. We're going to
hike here, Jay. No, this is about to be the funniest. You downshift and you're going uphill.
Raise your expectations. Raise them. When a transgender person comes up and you talk
about transgender, you should raise your expectations. Don't lower them. Raise them. This better
be the funniest part of the show. And if it's not, maybe we need to re-examine. What we
tolerate? We never have... I don't know. Let's talk about the tolerance for white
cis males. I'm so drugged. You guys have been running hard. Is one or more of your sons
here tonight? Is one of your kids here tonight? No, no, no children here tonight. Jane, threesomes,
have you had one or more? No children here, but they both listened to the podcast. Have
you had a threesome, Jane? I've had a threesome and a foursome in my life. We have a winner.
A foursome? Jane, were they all with yourself? Come on. Fuck you. Jane, the foursome. How
do you know when you're having a foursome? What was the lineup in the foursome? What was
the ratio of male female presenters? What did you have? Oh, God, that's complicated. Yeah.
That's my point. What's the difference between a foursome and just a weird night at a hotel?
So I think... All of the others were... The Henderson's came over for Christmas. Yeah.
And it was a foursome. That foursome, who were they? Or in terms of gender, specificity,
and what was the set up to that? Let's see, we had me, a genetic male presenting female
this pre-hormone. We had three then genetic females, two of whom are sort of... Two were
bisexual, one was non-bisexual, where they exactly sit in terms of gender preference
and presentation. Two of them enjoyed doing drag kings, so they certainly had sort of
that sort of aspect. Drag kings. Drag kings. That's the thing. I love that. Oh, my God.
Drag kings, that's women who do parody male presentation. Yeah. But they weren't dragging
at the time that we were doing this, but it was just this level of complexity. Who's
that guy? Oh, he's a peer provider. No, but... What are the things that we've talked about
a lot? What are you describing as Oprah's primordial soup of sexuality? Well, it was
a situation where four people really enjoyed each other and it really didn't matter what
parts they brought to the game. And so four people doing it, right? I think that happened
at some point. Yeah, it doesn't look bad. But yeah, there were some shaking parts, yes.
Was the foursome a successful event? Did everybody get what they wanted? Was it a good affair?
It was wonderful. It was beautiful and spiritual and it was fabulous. You always have to one
up me, don't you? Sorry. And yeah. Do you ever... Dan, pick your foursome. Who is it?
Like cast your foursome. Cast your own foursome. Okay. Karen Gillum from Dr. Hoot is just
there, but she's not involved. She's directing. She's wearing jot purse and like a hat that
says director. If she takes off her clothes, she'll gain too much status. So she's there.
She's watching through a glass booth. I'm... I love that guy. That guy's like, he's like,
fuck it, I want Karen Gillum to watch me fuck. She's behind glass bulletproof. Dan, for real,
like... What? For real. Let's get behind the facade of the guy who gets fired in the five weeks. I
want to know what turns you on in a foursome. I'm telling you. But you're fumfering. I'm
trying to figure it out. I'm fumfering. What did you say? I'm sorry to say. I'll pick three
people. That guy is a fascist. Guess what? I don't have to pick three people. You don't buy it
for me. You're right to not buy that. Pick three genders. You only get three genders. Pick
three genders. He doesn't have to only three genders though. He can pick among three genders.
They can be all one or they can be all three. Or agendered. But don't corner yourself out of
this. I will say I want to bring this to a respectable place because you guys are being
bad people. So I want to be vulnerable and tell you. I had a dream recently. In my dream, I had a
very vivid sexual dream where my ex-girlfriend, ex-ex, like previous relationship, I walked into
a party and she was splayed out on a couch. And there were like people, like she was very
sexy. And they were like, in the dream, I was very, I was just turned on by, I was just
watching her get sexed with guys that were like, you know, Ryan Gosling. Like they did sit-ups
ever. And she was like, I'm so happy you've done sit-ups. But she wasn't like, oh, you're
dick so much bigger than Dan Harmon's. She was like, happy to see me. And I was happy to see
her. But I was also happy to see her plowed by like bucks.
Were you chatting friendly? I was like watching and jerking off. And then I woke up. So I don't
know where I got. But I wanted to volunteer that because I want this show to be a place where
people are vulnerable. Thank you, sir. I want this to be a place where people are vulnerable.
Dan, in that dream, cast three guys that you want to see that, whatever the ex-girlfriend is, who
are the three people that you want to see your ex-girlfriend in that dream be fucking?
Well, I don't, I mean, the guys would be, I mean-
You said Ryan Gosling. Yeah, but I don't, I mean, that's my placeholder.
But I'm saying now, pick like-
Well, I don't want a particular guy to fuck.
It's not about the specificity of that guy.
That's what I'm saying though.
Those guys are mannequins.
But now I'm asking you to be specific.
I don't want that guy.
I'm saying now, I'm Satan. I'm saying pick the guy.
I don't pick the guy. I know you want it to be you and you're fine.
No, you can do it. You can do it.
No, I want it to be Antonio Banderas.
No, you can fuck Sarah Johnson.
All right, let's say that you are, it's Rosemary's baby.
You're, you're Rosemary.
Can I just say, Jane, you are one of the best guests we've ever had on the show.
Thank you.
Jane, okay.
I want to say this so fast.
Jane, let's say you had a dream where Dan was watching his girlfriend be fucked by other people.
Who would you cast as the three guys that fucked Dan's ex-girlfriend?
Your cast was directed, Jane.
Okay, so, so keeping in mind that I'm, I'm, I'm a little older and I'm a father of three.
Okay, two, two.
Cast the people fucking Dan's ex-girlfriend in his dream.
Gene Kelly.
Along that line, Donald O'Connor.
He's funny, but he's Donald O'Connor.
It's, it's funnier than Gene, it's funnier than Gene Kelly.
Donald O'Connor.
From the talking Mule movies.
Yeah, yeah.
Also from singing in the rain.
Singing in the rain, yeah.
He's the guy who runs and does the flips off the wall.
He jumps off the wall, yeah.
He makes them laugh.
All right.
You know what?
He's very cute.
As long as she's happy and has agency.
Yeah, yeah.
And then, and then, and then for you.
Then I'm going to come.
All right.
Jane.
Then call back for Dan, Mark Ruffalo.
Mark Ruffalo.
Yeah.
I'd watch him fuck me.
That's how much I want to watch him fuck.
I think he said once you want him to show you how to guard.
I love Mark Ruffalo.
Dan, Dan, let's say you're having a dream.
Mark Ruffalo, David DeCupney.
You know, if you go to a gay place.
Okay.
Here we go.
Loosen up.
I have more ready answers for dudes.
All right.
If I, if I, if I.
For yourself.
Put a gun to my head.
Force him with a game.
Force him.
I'm sorry.
I, I, I think it's weird that you're yelling things out, but I do want to hear what you're
like.
Roger Morris.
I've heard a lot of interesting things, but I'm going to say, we take you now to Roger
Morris fucking Dan Hyman.
But what I'm going to say is Prince.
Oh, David DeCupney, Mark Ruffalo, Prince.
And me.
And my open butthole.
Now who's racist?
Waiting, waiting to learn what it means to be a real.
I think we've made some progress here tonight, Daniel.
Yeah.
Would you bet your ass?
Uh, um.
I, I want to say, G, G, Joe, like I, Scott, Scott, that's it.
Who, who would you like to see fucking Dino, male or female?
If you had to, if you had to fantasize not on stage, you got to pick anybody in the world
to be in bed and having complicated sex with.
And these are people I've never actually seen fucking him before.
No, no.
It could be, it could be anybody in the world past or present.
Uh, that guy?
That guy.
Let's bring him up.
Come up here.
Get the fuck up on stage.
Here he comes.
Where is he?
Oh Jesus Christ.
There's a guy with a beard coming.
Where'd he go?
Where is he?
Oh, he's leaving.
Wait, he, he doesn't know how things work.
The stage is this way.
Okay.
Oh dear.
Have you not been looking the wrong way?
Sexy Spencer.
Sexy Spencer's on stage.
Everybody.
Oh.
Oh, look at this.
What's your name, sir?
What's your, what's your name?
Vincent.
Vincent, take your fucking pants off.
Do you want to take my mic?
Take my mic.
Do you want me to take my pants off?
Hello everybody.
What do you want me to take my pants off?
Do you want me to do a scene?
Are we really doing the scene or Vincent?
We should do a scene with Vincent, right?
Yeah, we should do it.
Just get it over with.
I don't want to be in it.
No, Dino, you're in it because this is about you.
Just do the scene.
You know, if we don't make it a scene, Dino can just fuck this guy right now.
Yeah.
That I could do.
So have you, I'll save you $800.
No questions, no denials.
Do an improv scene.
improv scene about what?
just fucking Gino.
Dino.
I deserve it.
You're not worthy of having a real name.
Can you beat me?
No.
Please.
Well, we're in a library.
She's gonna bomb.
The library is burning down.
And they are a fireman, come on.
You don't have to narrate. You can just be in the moment. He doesn't even know, I don't even
know how to improv and he's worse than me. We're in a library.
Vincent, this is God. Tickle Geno's tits.
Wait, wait, wait a second here. Here's the thing, I just, I mean, we could do it and it might
get some reaction. I don't think it's going to be that funny.
Dino, this is not God. God just told you to let this guy tickle your tits.
All right, tickle my tits. It's not going to tickle.
All right, tickle. Okay. Hi.
Five minutes earlier at God's house.
Oh, God. There are days and there are days.
What is this? Why do I have to?
Am I in this or not?
God, I'm your secretary.
Well, I'm just going over this ledger.
In four and a half minutes you have to make somebody tickle somebody's tits.
Man, is this about gay people again?
No, no. Don't be transnormative.
I'm God.
God, this is your God.
Holy shit. Holy shit.
Jesus Christ.
What the fuck?
Holy fucking shit. Holy shit.
You're in Daphne. Get out of here. Get out of here.
Get out. Get out. Get out.
Get out.
I'm not taking any calls.
Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Don't grovel if there's one thing I can't stand is groveling.
I know that. I know that. I know that.
I'm not doing it. I'm not groveling.
Just being God the way you said I should be.
I started as nothing, exploded into everything.
I made a universe where everyone's confused.
There's someone who has a message for you, God.
God, God. This is God, God, God.
Sorry, you're breaking up.
This is God, God, God.
Hang on, I've got another call.
God, God? Yes, God, God, God.
You're doing a great job.
Fucking keep it going.
Oh, man, that's a blessing.
I guess if he's on hold, I might as well just make beads.
God. God.
Oh, I was too late.
Aids. Aids. Aids.
Hey, hey, stop it. Stop it.
Aids. Aids. Aids. Aids.
God, please.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. What?
I'm glad I got that.
No, I didn't hear you.
God, God. God, God, God.
God, God? Yes, God, God, God.
This is God. I know who it is.
The only person who can talk to me like this.
Why does God keep creating...
Can we stop this guy from creating aids over the place?
I was... I had just stopped him when you called me to you.
I gave you two jobs.
One was to not let this guy create aids over the place.
Also, sins is a bummer.
Sins is a bummer.
All right, I'll take care of both.
We're breaking up.
I'm the worst God ever.
Hey, God. Yeah.
All right, let's stop with the aids,
or at least diminish it by...
Oh, no, you buried the lead, buddy.
I just gave everyone aids.
Everybody?
Yeah.
Okay, we've got a section of everyone's aids.
Well, everyone in Africa.
Okay, listen.
Too soon?
Fucking donate some money, you pricks.
I'm sorry, I'm...
It's guilty.
No, it's okay.
I'm glad you're finally talking to people down on Earth.
What?
Sorry, I'm sorry.
Aids.
What?
Listen, God, there's someone who has to talk to,
who has a message for you,
and you need to talk to this person.
Do you understand?
Yeah, yeah.
Am I going to get fired?
The name of this person is Jane.
Okay.
You can call me Goddess.
Well, which is it?
Go to bed.
You've been a naughty boy.
It's time to go to bed, God.
Good night.
Shh.
It's okay.
I'm sleeping.
I'm sleeping God.
Kissy, kissy.
God, sleepy guy, sleepy guy, kissy kissy, no water, stay in bed, no water, go to bed.
Meanwhile, in God's dream. Hello, my name is Penny, and see you!
Okay, that's probably good enough. Big hand for Vincent, everybody. Let's give New York something.
I swear to God, I know it's a bad thing. I know it's me being a bad podcaster, but I swear to God,
I want, I guess when Jane was like for a while, like Jane was like not coming up in the podcast,
and I was so excited about her coming up, and I'm 42 years old and I'm talking to every 16-year-old out there
that has Tumblr message me, that doesn't like me, and says, I think you're a fat piece of shit,
but like, Jane being on the show makes me think that you may not be a fat piece of shit,
and you're wrong, I am a fat piece of shit, but you're right, I, like, you have no idea how many lives
that you've probably saved, because you've been nice, and I think that you've probably gone through
some pain, I think that people have probably beaten you online, and I want to try to offset that
and say, here's your crown, here's your fucking scepter, because you're like through all of it,
this roller coaster ride of me going from like, what, a guy or a girl, I don't know what's going on,
man, man, man, you've been the person that has, like, you're the George Washington of everything.
She's the George Washington of everything. Where can I go with the N-scene?
I guess, yeah, I mean, I'm not used to being well-known.
Fist tuned with, well, genius? No, no, that, oh, sorry, no, no, no.
He was hoping for a second. I wasn't fishing for that.
There's been lots of people who, actually very few people who've really, like, approached me on
Twitter or something, who've really come after me, but when they do, of course, I mean, it hurts,
because, I mean, this has hurt my whole life, but it's also, because of the opportunity that you've
given, I'm going to turn this around on you.
What do people say online that hurts? How do they come at you?
I can't imagine somebody would come at you in a hurtful way.
Oh, no, really, people are great.
What the fuck is the matter with you?
People have a natural grace to them that just confounds the imagination.
There's situations where people say, what the hell is trans?
You're really a guy. Go kill yourself.
You get that level of, yeah, absolutely.
You're 16 and you don't know who you are.
It's good for you to get passionate about this shit, and it's good for you to look at someone like me
and go, that guy's Jim Bellucci. I don't like him.
I totally support you and accept that.
But the idea that anybody ever said to you because you came on the show and because you talked to me,
because I use the pronoun.
Oh, you're a piece of shit. You fucking sold out.
Those people are good people.
Well, everyone's good people, and I'm going to take a shit on the stage.
Yeah, go ahead.
Also, like a million people got shot last night.
All right, go ahead.
Thanks for that, Tia.
Too late?
Too real, or not real enough, I don't know.
We had to walk through it.
I didn't kind of distract us with that.
There's 12 NYPD guys outside.
For me, because we talked about this earlier today,
I'm a dummy coming late to the party of knowing how to have a vocabulary about how to address it.
The pronouns is like the trouble for me.
We just want to know how to say things, but like meeting you,
you're my first introduction into saying...
Having a concept about the idea that gender could be any old thing.
Could be anything, right?
It really comes down to from the part of the person who's presenting themselves
as a non-traditional gender combination or whatever it is.
Sensitivity just has to be there from everybody.
Everyone's kind of coming into this new game, kind of unprepared.
Our culture isn't prepared to deal.
Our language isn't prepared to deal with it.
So given that, and given the fact that people deserve to be treated humanely on both sides,
everyone...
Well, don't be a dick.
Everyone has to be ready to engage.
And if someone isn't ready to engage, say with me,
and they insist on calling me he, he, he, or whatever,
what am I going to do?
Change them? No.
If we're going to change them all, I'm going to change them.
I'm just continuing to be a good person.
And you've just got to learn to let things roll off your back.
I've been letting things roll off my back for a long time.
The world isn't going to change in my lifetime.
I can't...
But I've got to go on and have my life and have it as good as I can
and make the life as good for everybody.
What's great about you, and also other friends of ours,
is that when we fuck up, when we mispronounce,
and we say the wrong thing, you never go, you did it wrong.
You never shame us.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
There's no resolution there.
You did it wrong, here's how to do it right.
That's not how you teach people, that's not how you model good behavior.
You just step back, and if there's an opportunity to re-engage and educate,
great, you do that, if it's not...
This isn't a formal education, it's informal education.
It's nice being in a city, and there are cities all over the world
that where people are progressive and open themselves up to this stuff.
The fact that there's a conversation that happens about this,
when I was a kid, there was gay, straight, and maybe a third color called bi.
There were three colors in that.
I was hungry, I was hungry.
The idea now that sexuality can be any shade, any thing,
is a new thing for everybody.
It's always been there.
We never have vocabulary for it.
Exactly, exactly, and that's what's been brilliant lately,
is that really coming from kids mostly,
is just redefining the language and coming up with all these great terms.
Unfortunately, it makes for the alphabet suit of like,
lgbtqqia...
QQGGIA.com
Jane, you look like a guy,
a converse in jeans and stuff,
and to say she, I have to wrap my brain around that,
and it's a new thing that I have to let myself do.
Let me tell you an interesting story.
Every time I go, when I fly, and I go through the airport,
and I go through the porno scanner,
I get flagged, and I'm usually dressing,
I tend to present relatively male,
but because I come through and I'm presenting male,
it is someone's job, and it's going to be,
it's honestly someone's job, to push a button on that machine,
a red, a pink button, or a blue button, literally,
that they read, okay, I'm reading this person as male,
push the blue button.
That sets up a particular algorithm in the machine
that then says, okay, look, when you do this scan,
if there's anything close to the outline of a standard body
that is an anomaly, that person needs to be checked.
So if I'm going through and I'm reading as male,
I'm wearing a bra, and so I have a bra strap in the back
that sets off the machine.
You have to be stepped over.
And that's the pink button, right?
No, so they push the blue button.
I thought pink meant like your dick color.
No, no, no, no, no.
That's a different pink.
It's not the color of his dick.
I didn't know.
They're trying to read that.
Yeah, be educated, be educated.
But the thing that's also really fucked up then
is because I was read as male,
a male, a guy comes up to actually do my pat down.
Which by the way, I mean...
But then I have to look him in the eye and say,
there's something between your shoulder blades.
And I have to go, it's my bra.
But that puts it on me.
I'll do it, and it feels pretty cool to do it.
But it's also, it sucks.
It sucks that there's a system in place at this point.
I mean, it's not just friends misreading
or messing up on a pronoun.
This is an entire system, security system,
I'm forced to go through to go on a plan.
I could go around, I could do TSA pre-check,
or I could just go straight to a pat down.
We all know 95% is not effective.
And they're not, they're trying their best
because they're going, oh, what we don't want
is for a lady to feel violated by a dude going,
oh, are you Al Qaeda? You're pussy.
They're trying.
They made their rules based on actually respect.
But based on respect of a dichotomy.
Of a dichotomy that has been sort of irrelevant for 15 years.
The hardest thing we all have to do now is release
from the fucking dichotomy.
That's the education thing.
It would be great for bars and restaurants
because how much real estate do you think,
that you have to have a men's room and a women's room?
It's like, like, fucking, like, combine them.
I did one shitty bathroom.
There's a hole in the floor and you're like,
shit, I'm a shit in the block.
The place in Paris that you were talking about?
La Prouse, yeah.
I got this picture at an airport
and it was the male bathroom, the female bathroom.
It actually had like male symbols there
and blue lights of above and pink lights.
This brick wall in between the male and the female.
And so I did this picture where it was like,
that's bathroom nine and three quarters.
That's where I need to go through that wall.
There's like all these fantasy bathrooms.
There's like trans men who are like in bathrooms
doing selfies and they're like all bummed out
because they're like...
Because they have to be in the women's room
because according to the rules...
I'm sad.
I look like Tom Scarrett, but I'm sad.
Like in the women's room.
I'm going to do a podcast history wrap.
And it's going to make your struggle, Jane.
Seem like nothing.
I'm going to actually...
Everyone who's ever had a problem...
I'm going to make you feel like shit.
Because I'm going back to the streets.
And if you think you've suffered,
you're full of shit.
Because equality.
Yo.
Everybody.
Okay.
Yo.
Sorry.
Okay.
The transgender community is going to like this wrap.
They're very easy to please.
And then they're going to like this wrap.
Yo.
Yeah.
Podcast history.
Just kidding.
Yeah.
World's best improv wrap of all time.
Yo.
You're powerful.
You're the most powerful person in the world.
Yo.
You're powerful.
You have all the power.
But you should have more.
You should have more power.
World's best improv wrap.
I don't mean to imply that you...
I'm feeling so good about this.
Enough power.
You should have more power.
Okay.
Let me try.
Yeah.
This wrap is...
That was the transgender...
They got that.
No.
Let's go back to the slow rap.
I like that.
The transgender community got their wrap.
That was good.
If they're not satisfied with that, frankly...
Here we go.
What?
There's no pleasing them.
Den.
This wrap is for the ladies.
Here we go.
This is for identifying more to the ladies.
The cisgender ladies.
This is for the medium ladies in the house.
Who just love being a lady.
Yeah.
No joke.
You're grown.
And pleasure.
Yo.
I know who you are.
I know you want a car.
And I'm gonna give it to you.
I'm gonna give you a car.
Your hair is probably red.
And it's shoulder length.
And that's good.
And when I see you, I don't perceive you as human.
But I worship you.
So, hey, what's the big deal?
Can't I just play Minecraft?
Can't we work out some kind of arrangement?
Because I love you.
Julia, we should fuck this guy right now.
I am a man of means.
21st century, I love the ladies.
Oh.
I have a cyst above my ass crack.
World.
What's going on?
I don't understand what's going on, but my self-esteem is low enough
that I will try this.
Oh, shit.
Okay, yeah.
Yeah.
We're doing it in Brooklyn.
Uptown, downtown.
Thank you for having me.
It was so pretty.
Let's hear it.
That's it.
Do you know Sametabulous?
Jane Cook.
Down midtown.
103.
Go down to 101.
Don't, don't, don't.
My dick is small.
I don't want to see it.
No, don't, don't shame me.
Put it back down.
Oh, you want to cover that?
Okay.
I'm Jeff Davis.
I'm your mayor, Dan Harmon.
Downtown, midtown, uptown.
Go around, got the uptown, midtown.
Jane.
Jane is a hero for bringing us to the Grand Rapids.
She's a great fan of me.
You don't have to be anything you don't want to be.
Jane.
Jane is a great fan of me.
Whoa.
What?
Very fast.
Take chances.
Yo.
Yeah.
Uptown, midtown, downtown.
101 to 103.
I'm going to do what everyone does.
I'm a guy from New York.
130 to A Street.
Hangin' out.
Doin' the beat.
Hello.
Hi, sir.
Hi.
My name is Arshad.
Weren't your people genocided?
But no one fucking celebrates it?
Arshad is Persian, by the way.
He's not.
I mean, he's Persian.
You know what?
Who cares?
The important thing is that he's a human being.
Persian rap.
Okay.
Yo.
Now I'm gonna kick my ass.
I'm gonna stick my dick in her Gaza Strip.
Fucking mama knows who it is.
It's contested property.
Yeah.
Fucking mama.
I'll drop it down like John Rapper did.
Yeah, this guy's name is Dan.
He's doing a rap about a dude from Iran.
Persian is a Persian man.
Yeah.
Farsi rap.
Yo.
Dan, rap it in Farsi.
Farsi.
Oh, Farsi.
Yo.
Man.
Yo, Farsi.
He's from Long Island, he's gonna do it, and Farsi, go.
Yo, Farsi rap.
Here it comes.
It's not gonna be offensive to anyone.
Now, here it comes.
It's coming.
Farsi, Farsi.
Farsi rap, coming up.
It's not gonna be, it's not gonna be.
Sir, sir, I want him, I want him out of here.
I know, I know he owns the, I know he owns the place,
but I want him out of here.
Farsi rap.
Rap it in Farsi rap.
Yo, Farsi rap.
Long Farsi rap.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Awesome, you guys are allowed to leave.
Just give me a second.
The show is over.
No, no, it's not.
You guys are allowed to get the fuck out of here.
Don't listen to him.
You can leave right now.
Nope, nope, nope, nope.
Some of you are saying for a Farsi rap,
it's never gonna happen.
If you stand up, you're allowed to get the fuck out of here.
You're a bad person.
If you stand up, you're a bad person.
We're all going to have drinks at the library bar
in the East Village.
You know when you go to see a movie about the holocaust
and the credits roll?
Yeah, go.
You wanna get more popcorn?
Fuck you.
Yeah, go.
Stay seated, watch the credits.
Where you love the holocaust.
Harmontown, the worst show in the world.
Thank you so much.
Farsi.
Oh, shit.
Oh.
My name is John Farsi.
John Farsi.
I live in a house, I live in a house.
I live in a house.
I'm a regular guy.
John Farsi.
I'm a regular person.
Bring it down.
My name is John Farsi.
I live in a regular place.
I'm a regular person.
There's absolutely nothing about me.
They make me different from anybody nothing stand up and walk out of here. If you stand up. You're a fucking racist cocksucker
Don't fucking I challenge you to you stand up. You're a piece of shit. I don't even
You stay this guy to my rap this guy hates Persian people or you hate
Don't harm and hate so you're getting mixed messages you hate Persian people if you stand
Stay seated
Yo
Thank you, New York your beautiful people I love you so much
If you're if you're if you're a kid and you're conflicted about anything, please don't do anything dramatic
Just talk to somebody
I love you guys well different Mike, okay, let's do a new show
Did you ever see women got the long hair when they go shopping
Why they go shopping if they got long hair
Yeah, this is a different show. What's it? What's what's happened? No, let me just finish up my 45
Everybody's stand up and walk outside. Oh
Oh shit, oh shit women are have holes where their wieners should be hold on. Sorry. I
Don't I don't okay. Yes, what?
Is that no, that's my uncle he's good
All right, so what he told me is women be shopping
And it reminds me of
The fact I
Have a test. I know you ladies don't want to shop. I
Know you don't want to shop, but you do shop
And so I came up with a little test if you know whether you like to shop I
Came up with a test
For instance, if you think hot dogs are
Shot shot things you should shop for
You might be a woman
Yeah
So don't let your dick don't let your dick fall out. There's cops in the room. What don't let your dick fall out. Okay, so
Tonight there's a lot of ladies in the room. Am I right?
You know who you are
You know what you do
You know what you're doing
You
Know what you do, you know why you do it the thing about women is women do a good thing
Women are good people
They're exactly the same as men in every respect
every respect
however
women are different
Biochemically they're different
No, yeah, yeah, yeah, no, he's a woman. He's a woman
So for instance couple of examples
Let's say what happens is an apocalypse
Let's say nuclear weapons go down every guy's blown up fuck dead
Every guy's blown up you driving around you got rubber tire armor
You got you got armor made out of rubber tires
You're like, I'm driving I need some water. I need some gasoline
But I'm a man
You run into a woman
She got a robot arm
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. I will I will electrocute you. Sorry. I'm sorry
Sorry
Okay, okay, I'm sorry about that. I'm sorry about that
But you got a robot arm
In the middle of apocalyptic wasteland you got a robot arm
Anyways, what else is going on
You see these people this Donald Trump's
Donald Trump's be talking about some shit
Is it this guy's running for president he says I want to be president my name's Donald Trump
Think about it
Why would you want to be president if your name was Donald Trump?
Why not just be Donald Trump?
That's more powerful than a president
Don't be present
Now you you could be president of a company
You could be you could be president of
Sorry, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm saying it's not a joke. I was saying like Donald Trump should be happy by now
He was born. He was born with a standard amount of wealth
Like standard for a white man
but he had enough wealth and
Relative to his position
Like what he did with his wealth is actually a failure
So why is him why why why is he you should he should he should you should look at him and say he did a
Bad job
Sorry, I'm sorry. Hold on one second. Hold on
Let's go
Listen, okay
No, it's okay. It's okay
It's a horrible horrible thing for
Trump to think that he has anything close to
Any opportunity to become the president but
It's entertaining right right, but what if women were in charge of the political process?
You know that would be different
You know, you know if women were in charge of presidents
That shit would go real fast
You'd be like, oh, I'd like to be president. They'd be like
Hold on hold on hold on hold on
Can you hold can you hold this?
Everybody needs to get calm
Oh, everybody didn't need some juice and everything's fucked up
Shit, what else is going on?
You got you got you got Isis you got Isis
Isis
Isis bad
Bad people these people are bad people shit
You you walk around you got Isis talking about shopping women
If Isis were women
That would go a lot differently
If Isis were women they'd be out of business
Because women
Aren't human and nor is Isis
So if you do both together
Everybody everybody's doing something different
Everybody's always doing something different
Everybody's always doing something different. Nobody ever wants to know what's going on
Everybody wants to know what's going on. Nobody wants to know what's going on for instance
No, come on. Don't don't don't shame. No, don't
Don't
No, don't
My dick is small
It's gonna be a big deal. You find out my dick is small. I told you all my dick is small. Don't
All right, so
Okay
All right, well, okay, so
Everything knows go wrong those sounds make a combination of syllables going wrong going down
Every syllable goes down if you say it a certain way if you say words
different
They will sound effective
If you say I'm different
You'll say the same thing every time
I'm a person you've endowed with the power to tell you how to vote
So obviously I'm gonna tell you to vote for keeping voting keep voting keep voting keep voting
you got a
everyone go into a
room every four years and pull a lever and
As long as you've done that you you are your hands are clean
You're a good person
Keep paying your taxes and keep voting
I
Leave you with one thought
I'll leave you with one thought
It's not
I don't know what this was the joke. Oh look at my house mom. I dig is I get it. I got a small dick
My dick's a nipple
You know what good
And when you have a nipple for a dick
You start to open your eyes to what's going on
You say the ladies when you want to see my dick. She goes. Yeah, let me see it. You show it to it
That looks like a nipple. Yeah, go shopping
All right, okay, all right listen listen, I'm gonna leave you with this. I'm gonna leave you with this. I'll leave you with this
Southside
I'ma leave you with this
Sousa
Southside
Southside east side
Brooklyn, New York gonna do the rest of ride
Everybody in New York gonna do my ride got the five girls gonna do a ride right here sign you cast
I'ma sign you cast everybody gonna do real last got Brooklyn gonna do a thing
Everybody broken my dingo leg. Oh five girls on the tip. I fuck your mama so hot
Peace out
Did you get any of that
It's a good show
Oh you